Update onboard-public-officers-using-non-se-machines.md (#130)
GovTechSG/techpass-user-docs: docs/onboard-public-officers-using-non-se-machines.md

## Audience

- Public officers using a non-SE GSIB device and whose organisational email address is in the format of *\<your_name\>@\<acronym for your agency\>.gov.sg*. For example, peter_wilson@tech.gov.sg.

> - Vendors or contractors using a non-SE GSIB device and whose organisational email address is in the format of *\<your_name>_FROM\>.\<vendor organisation name\>@\<acronym for the agency\>.gov.sg*. For example, peter_wilson_FROM.VENDORPROVIDER@tech.gov.sg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vendors, contractors or interns using a non-SE GSIB device and whose organisational email address is in the format of *\<your_name>_FROM\>.\<vendor organisation name\>@\<acronym for the agency\>.gov.sg*. For example, peter_wilson_FROM.VENDORPROVIDER@tech.gov.sg.
```

Author: Are interns the Temp hires? i.e are you clubbing points 2 and 3? If that is the case the sample email address formats to be updated in point 2.

> - Other users using a non-SE GSIB device whose organisational email address is *\<your_name_from.TP\>@\<acronym for your agency\>.gov.sg*. For example, peter_wilson_FROM.TP@tech.gov.sg.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Direct temporary agency hires using a non-SE GSIB device whose organisational email address is *\<your_name_from.TP\>@\<acronym for your agency\>.gov.sg*. For example, peter_wilson_FROM.TP@tech.gov.sg.
```
